Welcome back to Seabrook.
We started off as a perfectly
planned community full of cheer.
-Then zombies showed up.
And then werewolves.
So, naturally, well, supernaturally,
we had some bumps along the way.
But now, we've all learned
to live together, united.
Seabrook is becoming a perfect place.
Well, almost.
Monsters still have one big barrier to
break through, like getting into college.
But if we win
the championship football game tonight,
we're going to have
our first zombie recruited to college.
And the doors to higher ed
will be open to all monsters.
-And then we'll all be together.
And maybe, in college, one special
girl with white hair won't stand out.
And maybe she'll even find
a place where she belongs.
So win tonight's football game,
and everything in Seabrook
will be perfect.
So we can't let anything get in our way.
Hey, happy-very-go-lucky Zombie Zed here.
In Seabrook, humans, zombies,
and werewolves are on the same team.
Hey, what up, dude?
Yeah, Zed.
-Hey, Zed.
-Yo.
-Thanks to you, I'm a brand-new man.
-Yes.
No more going to the mall in pajama pants.
-Yeah.
-And no more living in my mom's basement.
-Thank you, Zed!
Hi, Mom!
I am so pumped
for tonight's championship game.
I prepared a victory dance.
-You wanna see it?
-Absolutely.
All right. Poppin' and lockin'. Okay.
Tonight's game is really important, Coach.
So I scripted all of our plays.
Oh, thank you so much, Zed.
-This is gonna help us a lot.
-I got you.
Thank you. See you.
Hit!
-Hey!
All right, all right, all right,
we gotta keep our energy up tonight, boys.
Peanut butter for you,
bone and beef for you,
and blended brains for me.
You have to win
this football game tonight, Zed.
Win tonight, and you'll be
the first zombie to ever attend college.
I will. Don't worry.
My little sister, Zoey.
Zombie-kind's depending on you,
so we can all go to college.
No pressure.
My hacktivist best friend, Eliza.
She's interning at Z-Corp,
maker of the Z-Band.
Yeah, I know.
My zom-girl's breaking the glass ceiling.
Literally. I broke the glass ceiling today
testing a prototype.
I am so getting recruited
to Mountain College.
This is gonna be a small step
for zombies everywhere,
and a giant step for me, because--
Hi, I'm Addison.
And as cheer captain,
it's my duty to support Seabrook.
But this is personal.
I'm going to Mountain College,
and I really need Zed
to win tonight's game and join me.
So let's cheer our team to victory.
-
-Five, six, seven, eight…
♪ We are the Mighty Shrimp
We wanna hear you shout ♪
♪ From the left and from the right
Turn up the volume now ♪
♪ We wanna lift you high
You'll never feel the ground ♪
♪ We'll get you up, we'll never stop
This is our hometown ♪
♪ We are the Mighty Shrimp
We wanna hear you shout ♪
♪ From the left and from the right
Turn up the volume now ♪
♪ We are the Mighty Shrimp
It's time to show you now ♪
♪ We got the stuff to light you up
It's getting hotter now ♪
♪ We're getting hotter now
Hi.
You guys, tonight is our last chance
to cheer at a Seabrook football game.
I know. I wish we could be
cheerleaders forever too.
Maybe we should flunk science
so high school never ends.
Um...
Nah, we just have too much chemistry.
We are so gonna win tonight.
-And when we do…
-We'll be together forever.
Aw!
-When I say Sea, you say Brook. Sea.
-Brook.
-Sea.
Our moonstones are acting weird, Wyatt.
Something big is happening.
Biggest football game in the universe.
Just the biggest in Seabrook.
Come on. You know how important
a win is for all us monsters.
Seabrook needs you, cheer wolf.
You want a fierce werewolf leader
to rally a football team?
Come on.
Let's tear these Eastside Eels apart.
Destroy them! Yeah!
Maybe just a bit too much school spirit.
Get our Mighty Shrimp on this bus
so we can defend our turf.
No outsiders mess with our pack. Yeah!
Whoo, whoo!
When you're from Seabrook,
you are Seabrook.
-Seabrook!
-Seabrook, Seabrook!
-Seabrook! Seabrook!
-Yeah!
Eliza.
Hey, Wyatt.
I-I can't believe you're not here
for this. We all miss you.
-Who misses her the most, Wyatt?
Wait, what'd she say?
I couldn't hear what she said.
Okay, everyone, let's give it up
for our football team
as they head off to victory.
Here they come!
-
Ha!
Thank you, thank you
for coming to see me off for my big game.
You're not even on the football team,
Bucky.
Um, that's President Bucky.
And as president, all accomplishments
are my accomplishments.
It's gonna be a banner year for me,
now that I've organized the…
National Cheer Off?
Addison organized the Cheer Off.
She invited squads
from all over to compete.
Oh! Ah!
Go, Seabrook!
Hey, Seabrook! Seabrook! Go, go, go, go!
Go, boys!
Whoo! Let's go.
Hey, hey. You are going to kill it
out there tonight, okay?
Those Eels think that
they can keep you caged up.
They think they can keep you on a leash.
But you are no cuddly puppy.
You are a fierce beast of the forest!
-This shrimp be cray!
-So cray! Go, Wynter.
-Whoo!
Ooh!
Ah!
Too much?
Never too much. You do you.
Seabrook, Seabrook, Seabrook.
Seabrook, Seabrook.
Hey, check out the recruiter
from Mountain College. He looks nervous.
Well, he's never seen monsters before.
But he's gotta recruit my boy, right?
Oh, I'm-- I'm sure he will.
I mean, keep calm and zombie on, right?
-Yeah. Yeah, right.
I'm telling you,
Zed Necrodopolis is a star.
Well, maybe on the football field,
but do we really want a monster
in our classroom?
Zombies and werewolves? Oh, my.
It'll be fine.
-Whoo!
-Come on.
Hey, I'm Zed's dad. Nice to meet you.
We are so excited to meet you.
This is it.
-Together--
-Forever.
Meteors.
Since the werewolves
recovered the moonstone,
meteor showers have been pretty regular.
-It's so Seabrook.
Come on!
Oh! Here he is now.
Oh, hi.
I'm a recruiter from Mountain College...
-...and we need… we need…
You need to recruit me
to Mountain College, or…
Oh, no. Oh, no!
What?
It's a UF--
Whoa.
-I quit! I'll never leave home again!
-Wait, wait, wait! Don't go!
You have to recruit me
to Mountain College.
♪ Whoa, I can't deal, man
This can't be happening ♪
♪ Is this real
Or something I'm imagining? ♪
♪ Am I hallucinatin'?
Do you see what I'm seeing? ♪
♪ This can't be werewolves, zombies
Or human beings ♪
♪ Out of the clouds, down from the sky
Something is here, but we don't know why ♪
♪ Could be a threat, let's put up a fight
We gotta protect the moonstone tonight ♪
♪ Set up perimeters here right now
Move our defenses there, get down ♪
♪ Extraterrestrials all around ♪
They're hovering over our town
Watch out ♪
♪ Oh, falling from the stars
A distant galaxy ♪
♪ Oh, we're not sure who they are
Friend or enemy ♪
♪ Now we really know
That we're not alone ♪
♪ It's kinda scary though
But it's kinda cool ♪
♪ Film it on your phone
Hide in your homes ♪
♪ It's an alien invasion ♪
Shrimpy!
♪ I can't believe my eyes
Is this really real life? ♪
♪ Don't know if we should be standing here
Or running for our lives ♪
♪ I can't decide
It's way too much ♪
♪ Don't know what this means for us ♪
♪ Don't know what instinct to trust ♪
♪ They could laser us to dust ♪
♪ Well, either way
I'm ticked they picked today ♪
♪ For all of this to go down ♪
♪ Take my hand, I'll get you
Somewhere safe until we figure this out ♪
♪ I'll handle myself
Thanks anyways, boo ♪
♪ We don't even know
What they came here to do ♪
♪ This could be the start of something new
And if it's the end ♪
♪ At least I'm with you ♪
♪ Oh, falling from the stars
A distant galaxy ♪
♪ Oh, we're not sure who they are
Friend or enemy ♪
♪ Now we really know
That we're not alone ♪
♪ It's kinda scary though
But it's kinda cool ♪
♪ Film it on your phone
Hide in your homes ♪
♪ It's an alien invasion ♪
Eliza, I don't know what's gonna happen,
but you should know, I like you.
Sorry, you cut out there. What?
I like you. I really like you.
-What-- What was that?
♪ Started on another planet
Look where we at now ♪
♪ Scout ship crash-landed
Underneath the ground ♪
♪ What's the coordinates?
Is it north or is it south? ♪
♪ Utopia is close
We'll get the map and then be out ♪
♪ We come in peace
People, please don't be alarmed ♪
♪ Though we might seem evil
We don't mean you no harm ♪
♪ We've come a long way
Traveled near, near and far ♪
♪ Don't be afraid of us
'Cause we're not dangerous ♪
-Search the scout ship.
-Precisely what I was thinking.
Yeah, we know, A-li. Because--
We can read each other's minds.
Jinx on you.
This is Scout Commander 15-09.
I proudly report my mission is complete.
For centuries, we have been
without a home, but I found utopia.
The perfect new planet for our people.
I hid the coordinates
in the most precious thing in Seabrook.
Instrumomo.
You must find the most precious thing
in Seabrook.
Find the most precious thing--
precious thing--
precious thing in Seabrook.
The file is corrupted.
We need to find their most precious thing.
That's where we'll find our map to Utopia.
♪ We come in peace
We mean no harm ♪
Don't be alarmed ♪
♪ We're under attack, in over our heads ♪
♪ We gotta hit back
Before we're all dead ♪
♪ I don't wanna get zapped
Zombie out, Zed! ♪
♪ Don't overreact
They could be our friends ♪
♪ Let's settle this right here
Right now ♪
-♪ Move our defenses there, get down ♪
-♪ Extraterrestrials all around ♪
♪ They've come to take over our town
Watch out ♪
♪ Oh, falling from the stars
A distant galaxy ♪
♪ Oh, we're not sure who they are
Friend or enemy ♪
♪ We come in peace ♪
♪ Now we really know
That we're not alone ♪
-♪ We mean no harm ♪
-♪ It's kinda scary though ♪
♪ But it's kinda cool ♪
-♪ We come in peace ♪
-♪ Film it on your phone ♪
♪ Hide in your homes
It's an alien invasion ♪
-Zed, stop! Enough!
Oops.
It seems our arrival may have caused
a small,
somewhat destructive energy surge.
It appears these angry beings may not give
us their most precious thing willingly.
Then we'll have to explain our presence
without telling them our mission.
Oh!
Huh.
I'm thinking what you're thinking.
Take us to your leader.
Your cheerleader.
-No.
Hi.
We accept your invitation
to the National Cheer Off.
Z-Patrol, arrest them!
Yes, sir!
-Let's go!
-Move in! Move in!
Hold right there!
Great idea separating the aliens,
Principal Lee.
Not my first time dealing
with spacey teens.
They're probably here to clone me
to create an unstoppable cheer force.
I mean, who wouldn't want more me?
Well, they're uninvited and have to leave.
But we invited everyone to our Cheer Off
to compete for the Seabrook Cup.
Um...
You can't just give away my bling.
I don't intend to lose.
And I always believed
that cheer could bring people together.
Maybe even worlds together.
Or tear our worlds apart.
Mark my words,
these aliens are here to take what's ours.
-Okay.
Greetings.
Did you want me to continue waiting alone?
-Uh, I think that would be…
-That's-- I could-- Yes.
-Yes.
-…best, yes.
Very well.
Shall I redon your ceremonial jewelry
and rewire your door panel?
-That would be dynamite. Yeah.
-Ridic-- Yes, please.
Oh! May you find harmony.
Bonzo, let's not deal
with the alien invasion right now.
I'm kind of in an impossible situation.
I understand.
To get here,
we developed interstellar flight,
defeated space squids,
traversed a carnivorous black hole, twice.
Uh, okay, not that impossible.
Because of you,
I can't get into Mountain College.
The recruiter quit,
and zombies can't apply.
-Zah.
-Hmm.
Mountain College. Downloading.
What are they doing?
Too bad you are not exceptional.
The only way for you to get in
is to prove that you are exceptional.
Mountain College
has a separate application
for an exceptional-student scholarship
and it does not
specifically prohibit zombies.
Yeah.
That sounds exactly like me.
Perhaps exceptional
means something else in this galaxy.
Ah, okay, you know what?
Believe me, I'm impressive. Kay?
Meh. I do not see it.
Whatever. I am going to get
that scholarship to Mountain College
and knock down the door
to higher education for all monsters.
Yeah.
-Why are you so agitated?
Oh, we are not agitated. We are happy.
You found a loophole.
A way this zombie can get into college.
Come on.
All right.
Oh.
Emotions are messy for telepaths,
so we suppress them.
-But they do seem interesting.
You can all come on out.
We have many advancements
to share with your primitive people.
We even created a digestible
bacterial fermentation of lactose
at sub-zero stasis.
Whoa.
Froyo? Yeah, we got that too.
Impressive.
If you're here to invade Seabrook,
our pack won't go down without a fight.
We do not want your one-star planet.
They are so emotional.
Yes, but when in Seabrook,
I'm going to disengage
our emotional suppressors.
Personally, I'm excited
to see what emotions feel like.
Excited! That's an emotion.
It feels so exciting.
We've decided to let you stay
until after the cheer competition,
but not a day later.
Thank you, Mayor. We are honored
to join your cheer competition.
What is cheer?
Oh, don't worry. I'll show you later.
Also, what is competition?
When you challenge others
to prove you're the best.
No, we are a harmonious people.
We do not compete amongst ourselves.
Although, that is an intriguing concept,
is it not?
Hi, I'm Zed. Zombie, football star.
Generally well-liked.
Well, I am A-lan. Extraterrestrial.
Hey, the haters say
I'm a little extra too.
-Oh, competition.
-No, it's just a handshake.
Okay.
-Did I win?
-No, you did not win.
Apologies.
Our people have a special stardust spark.
That some lesser species may find painful.
Welcome to Seabrook.
-Hmm.
-Hi.
A-lan,
did you remember your midday rations?
Yes, Mothership.
A-li, did you remember
your thermal overgarment?
Yes, Mothership.
And, A-spen, don't forget your mission
to find the interstellar map
to our new home planet.
Mothership. Shh. Secret mission.
Okay. No need to
bite your mothership's head off.
I hope you take this opportunity
to learn from our advanced intelligence.
Uh, you have to pull.
Yeah.
There you go.
Yo.
-Hi. Aren't the aliens amazing?
They have a non-hierarchical approach
to leadership.
They're a fashion-forward,
peaceful people.
Okay, well,
they did kind of blow up Seabrook, right?
Well, it was an accident, Zed.
I mean, just imagine the courage needed
to come to a new planet.
I mean, I'm just nervous
about going away to college alone.
Well, not alone.
-With you.
-Right.
I am so getting into Mountain College,
and we are going to be together forever.
♪ It's you and me
For the rest of our lives together ♪
♪ We're not breaking up
We're not falling out ♪
♪ We won't change ♪
I hope.
♪ Living perfectly
So happily till forever ♪
♪ When it comes to trust
There's nothing that we can't say ♪
I hope.
♪ We're not worried
Definitely not worried ♪
At all.
♪ So disturbing
How all of these stars align ♪
But how?
♪ We're not nervous
And totally unconcerned with ♪
♪ Things uncertain ♪
And there's a lot.
♪ We're gonna be fine, so fine
Ain't no doubt about it ♪
♪ It's workin' out right, all right ♪
♪ All I'm thinkin' 'bout is
How everything's gonna be okay ♪
♪ No complications in our way ♪
♪ It's fine, we're fine
Ain't no doubt about it ♪
♪ Honestly, if you're asking me
We're not crazy ♪
♪ Yeah, we're old enough to know
We're in love, that's no lie ♪
But we're 17.
♪ If you promise me
That we'll always be on the same page ♪
♪ Then I promise too
I'll be choosing you every time ♪
Every, every time?
♪ We're not worried
Definitely not worried ♪
Fire!
♪ So disturbing
How all of these stars align ♪
♪ We're not nervous
And totally unconcerned with ♪
Oh! Hold your fire. Hold, hold your fire.
♪ Things uncertain ♪
♪ We're gonna be fine, so fine
Ain't no doubt about it ♪
♪ It's working out right, all right
All I'm thinkin' 'bout is ♪
♪ How everything's gonna be okay
No complications in our way ♪
♪ It's fine, we're fine
Ain't no doubt about it ♪
♪ It's all going according to plan ♪
♪ It's all falling right into our hands
Nothin' to it ♪
♪ Let's get it movin', movin' ♪
♪ Find the map and be on our way home
We'll be leaving here before you know ♪
♪ With what we needed
Mission completed ♪
♪ We're not worried
Definitely not worried ♪
♪ So disturbing
How all of these stars align ♪
♪ We're not nervous
And totally unconcerned with ♪
♪ Things uncertain ♪
This isn't gonna be good.
♪ We're gonna be fine, so fine
Ain't no doubt about it ♪
♪ It's working out right, all right
All I'm thinkin' 'bout is ♪
♪ How everything's gonna be okay
No complications in our way ♪
♪ It's fine, we're fine
Ain't no doubt about it ♪
There's no way
they came across the galaxy just to cheer.
Why are they really here?
Better watch your step.
We will watch our step.
Thank you for the warning.
Smile.
-How cool, an alien camera.
-No fleas.
Hmm.
Whoa. What just happened?
Addison, you can't help those invaders.
Back off, Bucky.
Your cousin's the cheer captain now.
Not you.
Thanks, Willa.
But Bucky is right.
I'm right?
Yes, of course I'm right.
A little right.
I don't trust the aliens, Addison.
Last time outsiders swooped into Seabrook,
our moonstone was stolen.
And this time, we might lose our shot
of getting into Mountain College.
Which is why
we need to protect what's ours.
The Seabrook Cup, my legacy.
Me, in general.
Right, Willa? Or should I say, Wacey?
You should not.
Don't worry about the aliens.
I'm not afraid of a little competition.
I have a real shot
of getting into Mountain College.
I just-- I wish you were here to help me
with the exceptional student application.
I am here. Turn around.
I whipped up a little something
with the spare parts laying around Z-Corp.
This is amazing, Eliza.
No, the aliens didn't imprison me
in this robot body. I did this.
Yeah, I would have made myself taller too.
At least I didn't fail my driver's test,
Bonzo. Twice.
Sorry, low blow. You're a genius.
Uh, when's your application due?
Uh, today, so not technically last-minute?
Okay, let me get this straight.
The only way you can get in
is as an exceptional student?
Uh...
Okay, hold on.
Let me pull up your transcript.
Hey, check it out. I'm ranked third
in our class for grade point average.
What? I'm ninth now?
-No, that-- that's wrong.
I'm ranked 18th?
Wait, okay,
this doesn't make sense at all.
All these grades ahead of me are…
otherworldly.
Zed.
They did the entire course in 23 minutes.
It only took them that long
because they couldn't figure out
how to work a pencil sharpener.
Look, the utensil is functional again.
The aliens stole all my class rankings.
-And beat my athletic records.
What? Hey!
Oowee, Zed,
A-lan just obliterated your best times.
He ran crop circles around you.
Bench press records, blew yours away.
High jump, he's a VFO.
Very Identifiable Flying Object.
He has six-pack abs.
I can get to eight, Coach.
Just give me time.
And the best part?
The laws of gravity do not apply to them.
-Whoa!
I'd be happy to dunk on you, Zed.
That'd be fun to see.
Well, there goes your chance.
Now monsters will never get in.
Yes, being better than others
is very enjoyable.
Hey, aliens. You are ruining my chances
to get into Mountain College.
Oh! I do not like this conflict.
Cannot wait to leave this discord.
Yeah, okay, so then why don't you
just go back to your own planet?
Because it was destroyed.
We don't have a home.
-Uh...
I-- I'm so sorry. I'm sorry. I really am.
You know, as tough as things have been
for zombies, we've always had Zombietown.
Is there anything I can do?
You would help us?
With our Luma Lenses,
we probed all the minds of Seabrook.
Mind probes? Why would you do that?
-To learn about cheer, obviously. Cheer.
-Cheer, obviously. Cheer.
Okay, but what about people's privacy?
I mean, you can't just scan people's--
Hey, what is that?
-Oh, your biology teacher's brain scan.
-Is that my test?
A D-plus? That is-- Ouch.
I could beat that easily.
You were unfairly marked.
Your answers correctly highlight
the purpose of brains for zombies.
Your teacher
does not understand zombie culture.
That's the grade you should have gotten.
-Yes! Just like that? Thank you.
-Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
So there is something you can do for us.
This image appears in many scans.
What is it?
That is the moonstone.
It is the most precious thing in Seabrook.
It's the life force for werewolves.
Instrumomo.
But stay away from it,
because the werewolves won't
let any outsiders near the moonstone.
-You are so caring.
Okay, well…
Zed, we shall reward your help
by improving your application.
It's not rocket science,
but knowing rocket science won't hurt.
What does that expression mean?
It means that the universe has sent me
an intergalactic alien dream team
to help get this zombie into college!
Yeah. Okay.
This looks really good. How'd you get
the application done so fast?
I got friends in high places,
what can I say?
This is huge. Zed, you did it.
Oh, yeah.
And all I have left is the home interview
for Mountain College.
Zombie-kind is depending on you.
Yeah, it's all on me.
Hey, don't worry, man. I got this.
Eliza, is that you?
Cool, right?
You know, can't beat zombie tech.
Well, I mean,
I wouldn't underestimate wolf tech.
Hey, I was thinking, um,
maybe we could have like, like a,
you know, remote study date or…
Oops.
Zed?
♪ Come over here
Let me talk to ya ♪
Come on, Eely. We gotta get to practice.
♪ Through the ups and downs
Stand by me ♪
♪ When people look
They know It's meant to be ♪
Eely, come on.
Everything's all set
for cheer practice tonight, Captain.
Great. Thanks, Stacey.
Fear. I recognize that emotion.
Oh, great leader of cheer,
I need your help.
Yeah, of course.
I have a feeling I cannot define.
My palms are sweaty, and it feels
like space moths are in my stomach.
Space flu.
I think you have a crush, A-spen.
Crush?
No, um, it's when you like-like someone.
You know, love.
I do not know.
It's when you connect with someone
in a really strong way.
And desire, somewhat irrationally,
to be with them?
-Yes, that is it.
-Who's the lucky person?
A zombie.
Oh! Bonzo is so not available.
Hey, hold my glasses, Addy.
-I love Zed.
Uh, you love Zed?
Uh, A-spen, um, I love Zed.
Aw. That's so cute.
We both love Zed. How wonderful.
Yeah, you can't like her boyfriend.
One must control who they love?
Mm-hmm.
Uh, well, no. You can't control love.
But Zed and I are a couple,
and we wanna be together for…
Forever?
Well, if he gets into Mountain College
then, yeah, forever.
Or maybe he will not get in,
change his mind,
and love me when you go away.
Uh...
Yeah, um,
let's talk about this after practice.
Practice. Sounds fun.
Yeah, and we'll show you
why the Mighty Shrimp
are the best cheerleaders in the galaxy.
♪ Utopia ♪
Huh.
Our telepathic groupthink
makes cheer so easy.
Yes. We are even better than you,
and you've practiced your whole life.
-Huh?
So fun. Thank you for inviting us.
Hey, it's us against them,
and we are going to win.
We're not gonna let them take what's ours.
Like the Seabrook Cup.
Right, the Seabrook Cup.
Go, Seabrook!
-Yes. That's the spirit.
See? Your squad just needed
a common enemy to motivate you.
No.
We are going to win
because this squad loves each other,
not because we hate anyone else.
It's not who we are.
This Cheer Off is our last chance
to cheer together,
and to win it, we have to try
a triple hip-hop double tuck Lindy.
That move's impossible.
I can't do that move
without face-planting.
-His face cannot take another nose job.
Together, we can do anything.
Come on, guys. Let's go.
Now that they're distracted,
-we can vaporize them.
-See the moonstone.
Don't look at me like that.
A-li, we are a peaceful people.
Right, sorry.
These emotions are getting to me.
Oh, me too.
The joy of competition has consumed me,
and, unfortunately,
I am just so good at winning.
We must remember, we are one people.
-United.
-Without disagreement.
And we need to find the moonstone.
Now they'll never know we were here.
There's a force field around it,
which I most definitely saw.
-Not anymore.
-Most impressive.
Yes, the moonstone's crystal formation
would have the processing power
to hold our map's coordinates.
I meant their frozen yogurt's impressive.
Sorry.
The scan's complete.
And the coordinates are…
Not hidden here.
Mission failure.
Didn't hurt that bad.
Owie-momo…
This stone interferes with our stardust.
It's very powerful.
Someone's coming.
Mothership, beam us up, now.
"Mothership, beam us up, do our laundry,
calculate
the trans-temporal quantum jump."
You'll stay down there
until you learn some manners.
-Too late. Everyone hide.
Someone's been trespassing on our turf.
Someone's taken down our force field.
And someone's been eating our Froyo.
And it's all melted.
The hunt is on!
♪ I've got a hunch
You're all around us ♪
♪ You broke our trust
So things got serious ♪
♪ You can run, run all you want
We know what you've done ♪
♪ You're not welcome out here ♪
♪ You're outta luck
'Cause we are hunters ♪
♪ Don't wanna freak you out
But we are monsters ♪
♪ You can run, run all you want
We know what you've done ♪
♪ You're not welcome out here ♪
♪ Hands down
You made us an enemy ♪
♪ Claws out
We'll find you eventually ♪
♪ Can't run from destiny ♪
♪ Come out, come on out
Come out, come on out now ♪
♪ In the dark, in the park, in the wild
Hey, come on out now ♪
♪ In the streets, in the trees
In the night ♪
♪ Hey, come on out now ♪
♪ We're on the prowl
Until we find you ♪
♪ Savages hunting under the full moon ♪
♪ You can run, run, run away
To the Milky Way ♪
♪ You're not welcome out here ♪
♪ This is our land, our territory
So we will end your part of the story ♪
♪ Yeah, you can run, run like the wind
Call your mommy ship ♪
♪ You're not welcome out here ♪
♪ Hands down
You made us an enemy ♪
♪ Claws out
We'll find you eventually ♪
♪ Can't run from destiny ♪
♪ Come out, come on out
Come out, come on out now ♪
♪ In the dark, in the park, in the wild
Hey come on out now ♪
♪ In the streets, in the trees
In the night ♪
♪ Hey, come on out now ♪
♪ You are playing with a fiery mind
But you're never gonna take our pride ♪
♪ Don't mess around with Zombietown
We'll track you down wherever you are ♪
♪ Listen up
If our stone goes missing ♪
♪ Listen, listen up
You will never be forgiven ♪
♪ No, listen
We'll do anything to track you down ♪
♪ So come on out now ♪
♪ In the dark, in the park, in the wild
Hey, come on out now ♪
♪ In the streets, in the trees
In the night ♪
♪ Hey, come on out now ♪
Mothership, please beam us up.
Well, since you said please.
Uh, hello? You're welcome.
Way to bring it, everybody.
Uh...
Help!
What is going on?
Whoa.
Ha, missed me--
-Sorry, reflexes. Zed!
What are you doing here?
I got beamed up. What are you doing here?
A-spen asked if I could help
with my knowledge of Seabrook.
Aw...
Poor thing. They're trying
to spend alone time with you.
Alone time? Why?
Oh! Oh.
Okay, well, I do have universal appeal.
Hey, be nice. A-spen's new to feelings
and human relations.
Beware. Intruder.
Addison?
Mothership beamed you aboard?
Mm-hmm.
We have no choice but to--
-Vaporize you.
-Welcome you.
-A-li.
-Oh!
Right. Welcome you.
Sorry.
This is Scout Commander--
You have a wonderful home.
I proudly report my mission--
It is a marvelous ship,
but it is not our home.
Our planet was destroyed
by environmental blight
built up over many years.
What? Over years?
Didn't anyone try to stop it?
No. And we lost everything.
No one spoke up.
That would have led to disagreements.
We value harmony.
And we will remain one people
in harmony at any cost.
You seem angry.
I'm not angry. I'm just
in harmony in a super hostile way.
I need to get off this planet.
We need your help. But first…
A-spen has great feelings for you.
Ah, right. About that.
I've been doing research, Zed.
Couples can grow apart.
But we are not a couple.
No, we are not.
I am breaking up with you. I am sorry.
We do not have tissues aboard,
but you can use my sleeve if you must cry.
What?
We'll always have the invasion.
As you can see, they have mastered
the interactions of your species
and feels you can both be trusted.
Years ago, our scout crashed in Seabrook
and hid a map to Utopia.
A new home for aliens.
We came here to find it.
Wait, I thought you said
you were here for cheer.
That was a deception.
We were afraid
you would not allow us to find the map
since it's hidden
in the most precious thing in Seabrook.
So that's why
you kept asking about the moonstone.
Yes. But our scans came back negative.
It's not there.
What else is precious in Seabrook?
Well, cheer, mostly.
But you can't hide coordinates
in a routine.
This is Scout Commander--
Do not touch. We're repairing the files
of our scout's logs.
With no success.
I mean, have you guys tried banging it?
It works whenever
my old TV's on the fritz.
Banging?
That's highly sensitive cosmic tech.
-You can't just bang it.
-Ouch!
Oh. That seems to have worked.
Playing Scout's log.
This is Scout Commander 15-09.
I proudly report my mission is complete.
For centuries, we have been
without a home, but I found utopia.
The perfect new planet for our people.
I hid the coordinates
in the most precious thing in Seabrook.
You must find the most precious thing
in Seabrook.
Many decades ago, out of fuel,
my scout ship crashed on this planet.
I would have died
if not for a young humanoid, Eli.
He hid me and nursed me to health.
But with no ship to take me home,
I was forced to hide my true identity.
I know how that feels.
I joined Eli in his school,
and I discovered my passion: Cheerleading.
I even created a trophy.
The Seabrook Cup.
But no longer in contact with our people,
my hair grew white,
and I lost my stardust powers.
Though I gained something else.
A family.
Eli and I fell in love and married,
and we named our firstborn A-Mishanta,
but we always called her Missy.
That's my mom's name.
Grandma?
The alien scout was your grandma!
My grandma. Grandma Angie was an alien?
My mom's an alien?
You're part alien.
That's why the ship beamed you up too.
Zed, I know who I am!
We have too much history, Zed.
Okay.
We found this Luma Lens on the scout ship.
It belonged to your grandmother.
Now do you possess our spark?
Can you lift the Luma Lens?
Uh, I-- I can't.
Our relationship with stardust defines us.
Our technology would not work for you.
You cannot share in our telepathy.
Nor survive travel with us.
No, no, this is who I am.
This is where I belong.
It all makes sense.
I'm sorry. You do not have our spark.
You are not truly one of us.
Right. Yeah. Sorry.
-Addison.
I feel deep sorrow.
Wait. The scout's trophy
contains materials from our planet.
What could be more precious
than an artifact from our home world?
The map is there. We must win that trophy.
The aliens won't accept me?
I may be part alien,
but I'm still totally alone.
Addison, because of you,
no one in Seabrook ever has to feel alone.
You made this a place
for people to call home.
I'll still help the aliens find the map
to their new home.
Good. And whatever happens,
you have to go to Mountain College
whether I get in or not.
It doesn't matter
how far away we are from each other.
We will always be together.
You'll do great
on your interview tomorrow.
I better. Everyone's counting on me
to be the first zombie to go to college.
You're not alone either, Zed.
Come on.
Where did you hide the map, Grandma?
Mom, where was Grandma Angie from?
Seabrook, dear. Born and raised.
Why?
Because, uh...
Never mind.
-Good night.
-Night.
-Attention, everyone.
If Zed can prove
that monsters are exceptional,
doors will open for all of us.
You're gonna ace your driver's test,
zom-boo.
But right now, focus. Zed needs us.
All right, everybody. Listen up.
We only get one shot.
Zed's interviewer, Mrs. Crabtree,
is gonna be here in an hour.
Who's early?
Uh-oh.
Seabrook, we have a problem.
You're making history today, Zed.
First zombie
to even interview for college.
Hey, you show 'em what monsters can do.
Right. I am going to slay her
with my killer zombie charm.
Yeah.
Or not. Probably not. I don't know.
We will see.
What? She's early.
♪ I'm kind of freaking out
And not in the best way ♪
♪ More like a "heart beating out my chest
'Cause I'm stressed" way ♪
♪ You're the best football player
That I've ever seen ♪
♪ You'll be fine
You're a charismatic green machine ♪
♪ What if you're wrong
And I bomb this interview? ♪
♪ True, but what if that's not enough? ♪
♪ You've united these creatures ♪
-♪ You have a heart of a wolf ♪
-♪ You're a leader ♪
♪ I hate to say, but I'm nervous
How do I prove I deserve this? ♪
♪ I'm trying to be a perfect zombie
And everybody's counting on me ♪
♪ I'm Exceptional Zed
To all my family and friends ♪
♪ So I just gotta forget the doubts
And get up out of my head ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm Exceptional Zed
I'm out here doing my best ♪
♪ Today I gotta be good to go
So I'll say it over again ♪
♪ I'm Exceptional Zed ♪
I guess.
-♪ Time to live up to the hype ♪
-♪ The world's yours, you can change it ♪
-♪ Thanks to you, I moved out ♪
-♪ Now I live in his basement ♪
-♪ I've had so many failures ♪
-♪ You've had more successes ♪
♪ I'm Mayor Wells
And I approve this message ♪
♪ Am I really that great? ♪
♪ In case you forgot
You changed the whole school ♪
♪ Whether I like it or not ♪
♪ You're smart, you work hard
You can make it all happen ♪
♪ You speak zombie
And that's a dead language like Latin ♪
Yeah. You're right.
I know.
♪ I hate to say, but I'm nervous
How do I prove I deserve this? ♪
♪ I'm trying to be a perfect zombie
And everybody's counting on me ♪
-♪ I'm Exceptional Zed ♪
-♪ Uh-huh ♪
-♪ To all my family and friends ♪
-♪ That's right ♪
♪ So I just gotta forget the doubts ♪
-♪ And get up out of my head ♪
-♪ Oh, yeah ♪
-♪ 'Cause I'm Exceptional Zed ♪
-♪ Uh-huh ♪
-♪ I'm out here doing my best ♪
-♪ That's right ♪
♪ Today I gotta be good to go ♪
-♪ So I'll say it over again ♪
-♪ Oh, yeah ♪
♪ I'm Exceptional Zed ♪
♪ Zed is brave and kind
He lights up our town ♪
♪ He's the kind of guy
That you wanna have around ♪
♪ I believe in you
You're exceptional ♪
-♪ And I know you can do this ♪
-♪ I can do this ♪
-♪ You can do this ♪
♪ You can do this ♪
-♪ I'm Exceptional Zed ♪
-♪ Uh-huh ♪
♪ To all my family and friends
That's right ♪
♪ So I just gotta forget the doubts ♪
-♪ And get up out of my head ♪
-♪ Oh, yeah ♪
-♪ 'Cause I'm Exceptional Zed ♪
-♪ Uh-huh ♪
-♪ Zed, I believe in you ♪
-♪ I'm out here doing my best ♪
♪ Today I gotta be good to go ♪
-♪ Zed, I believe in you ♪
-♪ So I'll say it over again ♪
♪ I'm Exceptional Zed ♪
Yeah!
Whoo-hoo!
What did you do to deserve all of this?
I have no idea.
Thank you.
-Progress for you is progress for us all.
-Proud of you, Zed!
Why don't you join us to start?
I understand you've already been accepted.
-Good job, Zed!
-Let's go inside!
We found your application persuasive.
Well, I'm just doing my zom-best.
Zombie best.
Uh, our biggest concern is that you could
turn into a monster at any time.
Yes. I am a monster, but completely safe.
Zombies eating brains?
Thing of the past.
Zed can control his "zombie-ing" out.
Look at that! We have electricity.
I must have rubbed my foot on the carpet.
Despite being a zombie, how would you
positively impact Mountain College?
Despite?
Uh, that is a fair question.
Um, you know,
I think what I bring to the table is the--
You okay there?
Yeah! No. I'm great.
Just give me a second to--
I just need to use
the restroom real quick.
That's the kitchen.
-What happened?
-I don't know. I just lost control.
It's coming from me!
Not now! I gotta focus!
I'm so sorry!
Uh, zombie delicacy?
They're made with real fish guts.
Wait, it's your powers! Your alien powers!
I have their spark!
It must have taken longer to affect me!
Addison Rosalind Wells! You are an alien!
I am!
Is everything all right in there?
Yes! We're fine!
I can't wait to tell the aliens
at the Cheer Off tomorrow.
My mom's gonna freak out. She has no idea.
-She's gonna--
-Please stop!
-I'm sorry! I'm trying. I really am.
Zombie!
No, no. No, no, no! Wait, wait, wait!
I'm so sorry!
Don't be.
Wait! Please.
♪ I know that I may be different
Who that's exceptional isn't? ♪
♪ We have a spark that can change things
It's not a curse, it's amazing ♪
♪ I'm Exceptional Zed
And so are all my family and friends ♪
♪ We're artists, athletes and activists
Who always give it our best ♪
♪ We don't need to pretend
'Cause we won't ever fit in ♪
♪ And we're not just awesome
In spite of that ♪
♪ We take pride in that instead ♪
♪ We're all exceptional ♪
We'll take that into consideration.
Those symbols.
That's the alien language.
The Seabrook Cup. Of course!
That must be where
my grandma hid the map to utopia!
The aliens have to win it or I do.
Oh, yes. She is beautiful.
Too bad you'll be way too nervous
to win her when the pressure is on!
I look forward to being nervous.
Eat my stardust, Seabrook.
Did I correctly talk trash?
Farewell sweet bling.
Ooh!
What do we have here?
It's been an exciting evening
here at the National Cheer Off.
We discovered alien life this week,
-but the big question in the universe…
-Let's go!
…is who will win the Seabrook Cheer Cup?
-Yeah! Okay!
Oh,
the Eastside Eels are really bringing it!
Now, remember.
This priceless thingy is mine!
So tell me what it is! Now! Now! Now!
So catty. Clearly not raised by wolves.
I bet I'm the first intern
to ever hack alien tech.
It's a firewall.
Let me try my moonstone.
It worked. It's a mind probe.
Uh...
Bloodthirsty monsters. Always winning!
Look at all those people thinking of me!
That's just your mind scan, Bucky.
Aw, Wynter. You like cat videos.
Everyone likes kittens.
We'd be honored.
Wyatt? Why does your mind probe
have so many memories of me?
You have a crush on me?
Uh...
I, uh…
Enough with this mushy stuff!
Find out what the aliens are up to.
This is Scout Commander.
You must find the most precious thing
in Seabrook.
-The aliens lied about their mission!
-What?
We knew they were shady all along.
Who knows what else
they're lying to us about?
Bucky, alert the Z-Patrol.
Help! Help! Z-Patrol! We need help!
The Eels look eel-ectric as they try to
slither their way to victory.
And that excites me.
Me too.
Me three.
-Whoo!
Hello, this is Zed Necrodopolis.
-Yes? I gotta take this. I love you.
-Okay.
Yes. This is he.
This is I. This is Zed Necrodopolis.
Really?
Okay.
Wow! All right. Well, thank you so much.
All right. Bye-bye.
I just got accepted into Mountain College!
They're even inviting
other monsters to apply.
We are breaking down barriers, people.
-I've gotta tell Addison.
Seal the cheer pavilion perimeter.
If aliens are here, we'll root 'em out.
Move it!
I gotta warn the aliens.
Whoo!
Up next,
a team not afraid to get astrophysical.
From out of this world,
give it up for the aliens!
-Stop! Do not go out there!
But we need to win the cheer cup!
Our future depends on it.
And winning tastes so good, Zed.
Z-Patrol is looking for you.
They are not gonna let you compete.
But without our map, we'll forever wander
the galaxy without a home.
Well, you better hope Addison
sticks her landing and wins it for ya.
Let's go!
Our extra-talented extraterrestrials
are not taking the stage.
And on this planet,
that means the aliens are disqualified.
They're disqualified?
Now it's up to me to get the map!
So instead, next up is our final team,
-Seabrook's Mighty Shrimp!
Addison!
We have to win the Seabrook Cup!
The people I care about
are counting on it.
We will win, Addy.
'Cause we have you. Okay?
♪ My head's been
Spinning around in circles ♪
♪ Just trying to figure out who I am ♪
♪ I've felt so stuck
Like I'm caught between worlds ♪
♪ But now I understand ♪
♪ Why I've been feeling like a stranger ♪
♪ In my own life ♪
♪ And I've been blending in for too long ♪
♪ But now is my time to shine ♪
♪ I'm finally me
I'm gonna shout it out ♪
♪ What's lost has now been found
Can't dim this light inside me ♪
♪ I'm finally me
No longer gonna hide ♪
♪ I'm just like dynamite
Can't hold me back now I'm free ♪
Let's go! Yeah!
Seabrook!
-Whoo!
♪ I'm stronger now more than ever before ♪
♪ Nothing can hold me back ♪
♪ I'm laser focused
Confident and so sure ♪
♪ Leaving doubt in the past ♪
♪ 'Cause I was feeling like a stranger ♪
♪ In my own life ♪
♪ And I've been blending in for too long ♪
♪ So now's my time to shine ♪
♪ I'm finally me
I'm gonna shout it out ♪
♪ What's lost has now been found
Can't dim this light inside me ♪
♪ I'm finally me
No longer gonna hide ♪
♪ I'm just like dynamite
Can't hold me back now I'm free ♪
♪ I'm finally me
Yeah, I'm shining so brightly ♪
♪ Can't dim this light inside me ♪
♪ No, no, no ♪
♪ I'm finally me
It's my moment now I'm free ♪
♪ Ready to make history ♪
♪ Now it's up to me to prove to everyone ♪
♪ One, one, one ♪
♪ We will rise to victory ♪
♪ And be champions ♪
♪ I'm finally me ♪
-♪ I'm gonna shout it out ♪
-♪ Gonna shout it out ♪
A triple tuck, double hip-hop Lindy!
♪ Can't dim this light inside me ♪
-♪ I'm finally me ♪
-♪ Oh, yeah ♪
-♪ No longer gonna hide ♪
-♪ I'll never hide ♪
-♪ I'm just like dynamite ♪
-♪ Just like dynamite ♪
-♪ Can't hold me back now I'm free ♪
-♪ Oh ♪
♪ I'm finally me
Yeah, I'm shining so brightly ♪
♪ Watch me shine ♪
♪ Can't dim this light inside me ♪
♪ No, no, no ♪
♪ I'm finally me
It's my moment now I'm free ♪
-♪ Now I'm free ♪
-♪ Ready to make history ♪
-The Mighty Shrimp win!
-The Seabrook Cup is theirs!
Wow!
Thank you!
Yes! Yes! Yes! We did it!
-We did it!
-Yeah! Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Whoo!
The aliens are liars.
They've come to take what's ours!
We should have never let Addison
welcome in those outsiders.
-Step back, Zed.
-So much passion.
-Uh...
-She wants to rip your heart out.
-She can have it.
Give me it, Addison! You won it.
-It's mine!
-No!
Oh!
She's stealing the Seabrook Cup!
Go, go, go, go!
Why is Addison helping those thieves?
She's a traitor!
Go!
Move!
Freeze! Stay where you are!
Beam us up, Mothership! Now!
Wolves, attack!
-Use our moonstones!
-No!
Something's wrong.
Critical systems failure.
-Get 'em!
-Get those aliens! Get 'em!
Get off our planet!
Enough!
Whoa!
You zombied out! You good?
Yeah! I don't know what you're up to,
big brother, but I got your back.
Yes! Enough!
This is your fault too, Addison.
You let these aliens in,
and they lied to us.
They betrayed us. You betrayed us!
-So you're either with us, or--
-With them?
But I am them, Willa.
I may be from Seabrook,
but my grandma wasn't.
I am…
an alien!
-What?
-No way!
-Wow!
Addison is one of us!
And she's amazing!
Mom, Grandma Angie was an alien.
But that's impossible.
Missy, tell her it's impossible.
Dale, I'm so sorry.
I know, sweetie. I've always known.
You lied to me?
My parents thought that hiding
was the best way to protect me. And you.
Grandma always called you
her most precious thing.
Wait. She said I was her what?
No. No, no. The coordinates are not here.
This is not the map.
That's because the map isn't a what.
It's a who.
Addison is our map.
-The coordinates are in her DNA.
-Instrumomo!
You're the Scout's--
Your grandmother's most precious thing!
Yes! We found the map!
-Sorry!
-Yeah!
Okay! Let's figure that out later.
-Yeah.
-But this is great!
Now, you guys can record your coordinates
and head back home.
And Addison and I are headed
to Mountain College together! I got in.
That's great, Zed!
-Nah.
-Yeah.
But the map to utopia is dynamic.
Constantly computing new units
to guide our spaceship.
It's not just some numbers.
And since Addison is our map…
She needs to come with us.
-What?
-No. No! You cannot take Addison.
These are my people, Zed.
They need me to survive.
When the aliens leave,
I'm going with them.
This is the hardest decision
I've ever made,
but I have to do what's right.
Addison, there's something
I have to share with you.
I should've done this years ago.
I just wish I was as strong as you.
You're beautiful, Mom.
Oh, sweetheart.
And I don't care what planet you're from.
You're my family.
Oh, Dale.
No. No, you can't leave, Addison.
I'll mobilize the whole Z-Patrol
to stop you. Please, it's--
I'm sorry, Dad.
But this is what I was meant to do.
They're saying the alien ship is damaged.
-It might not survive a launch.
-It's not totally our fault.
We just wanted to stop them from leaving.
Well, serves them right for lying to us.
We also lied when we first came here
looking for the moonstone.
Don't you get it? They are stealing
from us. They're taking Addison.
She's choosing to go with them
to save her people.
Well, I don't want her to go.
No matter how far away she goes,
she'll always be
a part of our pack, Willa.
With the reactor damaged,
there is a 67.9% chance
that we will not have enough energy
to leave orbit.
We must try.
The longer we wait, the worse our odds.
Okay.
Think of me when you use them.
They're supposed to shake, not me.
Hmm. I'll miss you, bestie.
Oh, I'll miss you, extra-terestie.
♪ We are the Mighty Shrimp
Couldn't be prouder ♪
♪ And if you can't hear us
We'll cheer a little louder ♪
I don't wanna leave,
but the aliens need to find their home.
Yeah. I know.
-Which is why I'm coming with you!
-What?
It is impossible, Zed.
Only our species is capable
of space travel on the Mothership.
You'd be fried
by our stardust energy in a minute.
I was afraid we would be separated
by a couple hundred miles
when you went to college.
Now, we'll be galaxies away.
Core reactor is shutting down.
Emergency systems activated.
We must leave now.
Even with our stardust power depleted,
we must risk it.
Bonzo! You got your license! Show-off!
My rage will not be contained!
You will not stop us
from getting to utopia!
We're actually here to help.
You can find an infinite power source
to recharge our ship?
Wolves!
We'll let you borrow the moonstone.
Thought you might need a jump-start.
The moonstone is powerful,
but it is harmful to our people.
Not if you have an adapter.
We just have to filter the moonstone power
through our Z-Bands.
You all would sacrifice to help us?
Wolves always have each other's back,
and Addison's a part of our pack.
Forever.
-Wyatt?
-Yeah?
I like-like you too.
Awooo.
-Transport us up, Mothership. All of us.
-Yeah!
This way! Come on.
Yeah, here.
I told you wolf tech doesn't play nice.
Then we're gonna need an organic conduit
between the moonstone and the Mothership.
Only our people can connect
to the ship's stardust reactor.
But unfortunately,
the moonstone's power is lethal to us.
But your being half human might just work.
You'll be a living bridge.
Addison can do it.
Yes, she's an alien.
And a cheerleader.
And a part of our pack.
You were born for this.
Ready?
I couldn't hold on! It's too much power!
We must reestablish the connection now,
or all is lost.
Take my hand.
The power can flow through me.
-You'll be fried in a minute!
-It's gonna be okay.
I'm so sorry!
Yes!
-We're at full charge!
-Yeah!
Mama's back.
-Yeah.
-We did it!
We must launch now!
All right, preparing to take off.
It doesn't hurt anymore!
I think I'm learning to control my powers.
Launch sequence. Go.
I love you, Zed.
I love you too.
To the end of the universe.
Maybe we'll meet again somehow.
Someday.
Ten, nine, eight, seven,
six, five, four, three, two, one.
Come on.
♪ I know it might be crazy
But did you hear the story ♪
♪ I think I heard it vaguely ♪
♪ A girl and a zombie ♪
♪ Oh, tell me more, boy
Sounds like a fantasy ♪
♪ What could be so wrong
With a girl and a zombie? ♪
♪ You're from the perfect paradise
And I'm living on the other side ♪
♪ But, oh, I've got a feeling
If you get to know me ♪
♪ Right from the start you caught my eye
Something inside me came to life ♪
♪ Ooh, I've got a feeling
If you get to know me ♪
♪ Someday ♪
♪ This could be
This could be ordinary ♪
♪ Someday
Could we be something extraordinary? ♪
♪ You and me side-by-side
Out in the broad daylight ♪
♪ If they laugh, we'll say ♪
♪ We're gonna be someday
Someday, someday ♪
♪ We're gonna be someday ♪
Attention, earthlings.
This is your principal speaking.
Addison may be gone,
but today is a chance for the rest of us
to reach for the stars
as we throw our caps
in the air at graduation this afternoon.
There we go. Perfect.
I am so proud of you, son.
-Thanks, Dad.
I know. I miss her too.
You'll be okay.
Well, well, well.
If it isn't
our robot zombie valedictorian.
So much for overthrowing the system.
I'm still gonna do that. From the inside.
Yeah, I remember being
so scared of all of you when we first met.
And we were afraid of them.
That fear went away
when we got to know each other.
All because of Addison.
She was the first person to really see me.
And me.
All of us.
Come on.
Mothership's almost calculated
the coordinates to utopia.
She's having trouble extracting
the coordinates from Addison's DNA.
We've been stuck at 97% complete
for a while.
Oh, come on, Mothership!
Awooo.
That did it. Only a few more minutes now.
I've been thinking.
Why didn't your grandmother just tell us
that you were the map?
Why make our search so difficult?
Maybe she thought there was
something to learn
by staying in Seabrook for a while.
Accessing mind probes.
I think there's something there, you know?
Look, humans are bad,
but cheerleaders are monsters.
Wolves!
I will miss your friends,
but not the discord in your people.
In utopia, we will never have conflict.
But sometimes you need conflict.
Need it?
Look what happened
once we overcame our differences.
You became friends.
We did.
Together, we made progress.
Conflict isn't always bad.
Being challenged
sometimes pushes us to be better.
This is true.
No one spoke up while our planet suffered.
All because
we didn't want to create disharmony.
And now our planet's gone.
Harmony isn't silence.
Unity isn't sameness.
Love is powerful.
It can handle disagreements.
I know where
my grandma wanted her people to live!
The most
perfectly imperfect place there is.
Yes. You have found our new home.
Take us there, Mothership.
Please.
How come you don't have alien hair
like your grandmother?
Because I'm not an alien.
I'm an ordinary person.
An extraordinarily normal,
fantastically fabulous,
ordinary awesome person!
Bucky, if you were different,
-you know we'd--
-Mock me?
Accept you.
Oh!
Seabrook High's really gonna miss
your awesomeness, Bucky.
Yeah.
I'm really gonna miss me too!
-Come on. Let's go celebrate.
-Tell me again how great I am.
It is gonna be awesome
when we're all at college.
Leaving Seabrook isn't the end.
It's the beginning.
I miss Addison so much.
I wish she could be here.
Me too. We were gonna change the world.
Addison!
You came back!
You thought I was gonna let
intergalactic space travel
get in the way of graduating?
But what about utopia?
Seabrook is our utopia.
But Seabrook isn't a perfect place.
It's not. It's messy, emotional…
Full of surprises.
Where change can happen.
Where someday can be today.
What a perfect place to call home.
Now I'm fine. I'm fine.
I'm just one proud mothership.
I love you kids.
-Party!
-Party! Let's go!
-What?
-Come on, Bonzo!
-Yeah!
So, yeah.
The aliens are moving into Seabrook.
And even though our community
is stronger than ever,
and we're breaking down barriers
every day, there's still more to learn.
So whatever the future holds for our
monster of a town, we'll be ready for it.
Because Seabrook's not about perfect.
It's about progress.
Which means we'll always welcome
the unexpected.
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ They used to tell us
"Don't be different" ♪
♪ "Don't you dare be strange" ♪
♪ But if you want a chance
To change the world ♪
♪ You gotta dare to be the change ♪
♪ Now we're a mess of contradictions ♪
♪ Just starting to make sense ♪
♪ And the feeling taking over
Is so intense ♪
♪ Ooh, everyone belongs here
We're glad to see your face ♪
♪ Home is what we got, yeah
It's the people, not the place ♪
♪ So come and be yourself
You're the only one who can ♪
♪ We're better for it ♪
♪ Give us more
It's how this all began ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Now we got nothing but love for you
And everything you do ♪
♪ Nothing but love for you ♪
♪ And anybody coming through ♪
♪ Nothing but love for you
We know you got it for us too ♪
Love for you ♪
♪ Nothing but love ♪
♪ We still own the night
And sharing it, that's new ♪
♪ But the stars shine so much brighter
Now I'm sharing them with you ♪
♪ I can just be me ♪
♪ And you can be you too ♪
♪ And if we ever disagree
We'll just do like zombies do ♪
♪ What ♪
♪ Now we got nothing but love for you
And everything you do ♪
♪ Nothing but love for you
And anybody coming through ♪
We know you got it for us too ♪
♪ Nothing but love for you ♪
♪ Love for you
Nothing but love ♪
♪ Nothing but love
I ain't got nothing but love ♪
-♪ We ain't got nothing but love ♪
-♪ No, no, nothing but love ♪
-Yeah!
Hi, baby.
It's time to bring cheer
to the farthest reaches of the galaxy!
Shish, boom, bye-bye!
Ah!
I'm going to space! I'm going to space!
♪ Now we got nothing but love for you ♪
I'm going to space, Mama!
♪ Nothing but love for you
And anybody coming through ♪
We know you got it for us too ♪
♪ Nothing but love for you ♪
♪ Love for you
Nothing but love ♪
♪ Nothing but love ♪
♪ No, nothing but love ♪